Updating detailed installation documentation (#2164)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/getting-started/detailed-installation.md

-> Your system is ready! Now, let's configure TraceTest

Do you have OpenTelemetry based tracing already set up, or would you like us to install a demo tracing environment and app? [type to search]: 
> I have a tracing environment already. Just install Tracetest
  Just learning tracing! Install Tracetest, OpenTelemetry Collector and the sample app.
```

> After choosing this option, the installer will check if your docker installation is ok on your machine and will proceed to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After choosing this option, the installer will check if your Docker installation is ok on your machine and will proceed to the next step.
```

> ### 3. Select plain vanilla installation or installation with sample app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Select a default installation or an installation with sample app.
```

> On this step, you can choose to install only Tracetest directly or install it with a sample app. By seeing the following options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this step, you can choose to install just Tracetest alone or install it with a sample app. By seeing the following options:
```

```text title="Expected output:"
Do you have OpenTelemetry based tracing already set up, or would you like us to install a demo tracing environment and app? [type to search]: 
> I have a tracing environment already. Just install Tracetest
  Just learning tracing! Install Tracetest, OpenTelemetry Collector and the sample app.
```

> By choosing any option, this installer will create a `tracetest` directory in the current directory and will add a `docker-compose.yaml` file on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By choosing any option, this installer will create a `tracetest` directory in the current directory and will add a `docker-compose.yaml` file to it.
```

If you choose the first one, the `docker-compose.yaml` will have only Tracetest and its dependencies. By choosing the second, a sample app called [Pokeshop](../live-examples/pokeshop/overview.md) will be installed with Tracetest, allowing you to create some tests against it in the future. 

For demonstration purposes, we will choose `Just learning tracing! Install Tracetest, OpenTelemetry Collector and the sample app.` option.

> ### 4. Finish the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Finish the installation.
```

> After that, Tracetest will proceed the installation and show how you can start it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracetest will proceed with the installation and show how to start it.
```

Happy TraceTesting =)
```

> ### 5. Start Docker Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Start Docker Compose.
```
